To alumni Sasaki vegetables of the day a little simple video it is today Yes Welcome to the lag channel
Though it becomes
I found something very interesting at a convenience store today so I would like to introduce it
I think it is this day
The luxury of Suntory Greena &
Southern Alps body
Natural water
It is water , but it is watery but something
It looks like a yogurt leg new 3 term issue
Shosa Sukkiri
Strongly say if I have become to the other water and water and dairy products is set Well then in the county well I do not know
Feeling
Transparent but luxurious yogurt taste
Since Thats I do not know the meaning by water field, such that this I think that I want in a little drink
I will
It seems like a strange mood yogurt already
If there is something else detailed , then there were only a few things like orange and shade
Well I understand
I was a delicious oranger that was a good place yogurt
Naka Naka I
I can not imagine it, I can open it
Key
Yogurt
When you say yogurt or something small
Not a small sometimes drank your medicine foot to good like a taste like a place of Do not smell
Yogurt etc
Lactic acid bacteria or demand grout I feel like lactic acid bacteria
Then
I can give you a lot of this type of water so I'm 550ml
You will be able to drink all of it properly
I can use
Yogurt is clear
Of whether he though it is transparent Hachimiya
Things to drink not a song water in Do another this picture book Mizuja by
It feels like a calpis, there is a good time to sleep well, and the taste is dark.
Although transparent
It is usually about the foot that it is about a cat's white color to understand the meaning .
Is delicious
What if another because But to buy as water is drink and quite firmly Yappa taste softening as water
I feel like I want water
Is a very delicious taste as this
It's strange
I'm strange
It will be transparent
Would say no wonder it hey many times it about what or great interest I got caught Natural
You see it r Water is written though
It means that this which expired 3 of me at all I Minna amazing Hey make it strange many mon
Let's be luxury today Greena
Everybody who drank the natural water of the Southern Alps is also a trial when you find it at a convenience store etc.
Drinking Is the over over doctor's Teku try
Well then tomorrow